1345461392
ActsAsTaggableOnMigration	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815100858_acts_as_taggable_on_migration.rb	class ActsAsTaggableOnMigration 
AdGallery	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function AdGallery(wrapper, settings)
AdGallerySlideshow	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function AdGallerySlideshow(nextimage_callback, settings)
AddAdminFromUsers	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120817060148_add_admin_from_users.rb	class AddAdminFromUsers 
Album	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/album.rb	class Album 
AlbumTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/album_test.rb	class AlbumTest 
AlbumsController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb	class Admin::AlbumsController 
AlbumsControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/albums_controller_test.rb	class Admin::AlbumsControllerTest 
AlbumsHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/albums_helper.rb	module Admin::AlbumsHelper
AlbumsHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/albums_helper_test.rb	class Admin::AlbumsHelperTest 
Application	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/application_controller.rb	class Admin::ApplicationController 
ApplicationControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/application_controller_test.rb	class Admin::ApplicationControllerTest 
ApplicationHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
ApplicationHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/application_helper.rb	module Admin::ApplicationHelper
ApplicationHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/application_helper_test.rb	class Admin::ApplicationHelperTest 
AttachmentUploader	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	class AttachmentUploader 
Blog	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/blog.rb	class Blog 
BlogTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/blog_test.rb	class BlogTest 
BlogsController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb	class Admin::BlogsController 
BlogsControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/blogs_controller_test.rb	class Admin::BlogsControllerTest 
BlogsHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/blogs_helper.rb	module Admin::BlogsHelper
BlogsHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/blogs_helper_test.rb	class Admin::BlogsHelperTest 
BootstrapCheckBoxInput	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/bootstrap_check_box_input.rb	class BootstrapCheckBoxInput 
BrowsingTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CategoriesController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb	class Admin::CategoriesController 
CategoriesControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/categories_controller_test.rb	class Admin::CategoriesControllerTest 
CategoriesHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/categories_helper_test.rb	class Admin::CategoriesHelperTest 
Category	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/category.rb	class Category 
CategoryTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/category_test.rb	class CategoryTest 
Construct	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.redactor.js	function Construct(el, options)
CreateAlbums	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120802040504_create_albums.rb	class CreateAlbums 
CreateBlogs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120814013714_create_blogs.rb	class CreateBlogs 
CreateCategories	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120726050308_create_categories.rb	class CreateCategories 
CreateLogs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120731085923_create_logs.rb	class CreateLogs 
CreateMedia	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120820032454_create_media.rb	class CreateMedia 
CreatePhotos	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120803074333_create_photos.rb	class CreatePhotos 
CreateSettings	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120726050617_create_settings.rb	class CreateSettings 
CreateUserProfiles	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120819062950_create_user_profiles.rb	class CreateUserProfiles 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120816025514_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
EditBlogs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091409_edit_blogs.rb	class EditBlogs 
EditCategories	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091220_edit_categories.rb	class EditCategories 
EditorPhotosController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/editor_photos_controller.rb	class Admin::EditorPhotosController 
EditorPhotosControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/editor_photos_controller_test.rb	class Admin::EditorPhotosControllerTest 
EditorPhotosHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/editor_photos_helper.rb	module Admin::EditorPhotosHelper
EditorPhotosHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/editor_photos_helper_test.rb	class Admin::EditorPhotosHelperTest 
FadeAnimation	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function FadeAnimation(img_container, direction, desc)
HomeController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
HomeController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/home_controller.rb	class Admin::HomeController 
HomeControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/home_controller_test.rb	class Admin::HomeControllerTest 
HomeControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/home_controller_test.rb	class HomeControllerTest 
HomeHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/home_helper.rb	module HomeHelper
HomeHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/home_helper_test.rb	class HomeHelperTest 
HomeHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/home_helper_test.rb	class Admin::HomeHelperTest 
HorizontalSlideAnimation	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function HorizontalSlideAnimation(img_container, direction, desc)
ImageUploader	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	class ImageUploader 
LoadContent	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function LoadContent(stepIdx)
Log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/log.rb	class Log 
LogTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/log_test.rb	class LogTest 
LogsController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb	class Admin::LogsController 
LogsControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/logs_controller_test.rb	class Admin::LogsControllerTest 
LogsHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/logs_helper_test.rb	class Admin::LogsHelperTest 
Media	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/media.rb	class Media 
MediaTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/media_test.rb	class MediaTest 
NoneAnimation	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function NoneAnimation(img_container, direction, desc)
Photo	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	class Photo 
PhotoTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/photo_test.rb	class PhotoTest 
PhotosController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb	class Admin::PhotosController 
PhotosControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/photos_controller_test.rb	class Admin::PhotosControllerTest 
PhotosHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/photos_helper.rb	module Admin::PhotosHelper
PhotosHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/photos_helper_test.rb	class Admin::PhotosHelperTest 
PrependInput	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/prepend_input.rb	class PrependInput 
PrependPasswordInput	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/prepend_password_input.rb	class PrependPasswordInput 
RailsBlog	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/config/application.rb	module RailsBlog
ResizeAnimation	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function ResizeAnimation(img_container, direction, desc)
SessionsController	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/sessions_controller.rb	class Admin::SessionsController 
SessionsControllerTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/functional/admin/sessions_controller_test.rb	class Admin::SessionsControllerTest 
SessionsHelper	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/sessions_helper.rb	module Admin::SessionsHelper
SessionsHelperTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/helpers/admin/sessions_helper_test.rb	class Admin::SessionsHelperTest 
Setting	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/setting.rb	class Setting 
SetupStep	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function SetupStep(curStep,selStep)
TestCase	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserProfile	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/user_profile.rb	class UserProfile 
UserProfileTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/user_profile_test.rb	class UserProfileTest 
UserTest	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
VerticalSlideAnimation	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function VerticalSlideAnimation(img_container, direction, desc)
add_profile	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/user.rb	  def add_profile
adjustButton	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function adjustButton()
albums	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb		def albums
base_store_dir	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def base_store_dir
base_store_dir	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def base_store_dir
blogs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb		def blogs
bootstrap_flash	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def bootstrap_flash
categories	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb		def categories
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120820032454_create_media.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120731085923_create_logs.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120819062950_create_user_profiles.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120726050308_create_categories.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120816025514_devise_create_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120814013714_create_blogs.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120817060148_add_admin_from_users.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120802040504_create_albums.rb	  def change
change	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120803074333_create_photos.rb	  def change
create	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/editor_photos_controller.rb		def create
create	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def create
create	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def create
create	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def create
create	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def create
create_or_update_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/category.rb	  def create_or_update_log
create_or_update_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/blog.rb	  def create_or_update_log
create_or_update_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	  def create_or_update_log
create_or_update_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/album.rb	  def create_or_update_log
create_or_update_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/media.rb	  def create_or_update_log
default_url	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def default_url
default_url	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def default_url
delete	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def delete
delete_empty_upstream_dirs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def delete_empty_upstream_dirs
delete_empty_upstream_dirs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def delete_empty_upstream_dirs
destroy	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/editor_photos_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def destroy
destroy_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/category.rb	  def destroy_log
destroy_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/blog.rb	  def destroy_log
destroy_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	  def destroy_log
destroy_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/album.rb	  def destroy_log
destroy_log	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/media.rb	  def destroy_log
destroy_multiple	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def destroy_multiple
destroy_multiple	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def destroy_multiple
destroy_multiple	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def destroy_multiple
doBackwardProgress	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function doBackwardProgress()
doForwardProgress	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function doForwardProgress()
down	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091220_edit_categories.rb	  def down
down	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091409_edit_blogs.rb	  def down
down	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815100858_acts_as_taggable_on_migration.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120726050617_create_settings.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def edit
edit	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def edit
edit	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def edit
error_messages_for	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb		def error_messages_for(*params)
exist_user_admin?	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def exist_user_admin?
extension_white_list	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def extension_white_list
extension_white_list	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def extension_white_list
filename	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def filename
filename	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def filename
fill_album	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def fill_album
find_first_by_auth_conditions	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/user.rb	  def self.find_first_by_auth_conditions(warden_conditions)
galleries	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def galleries
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/editor_photos_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/home_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def index
index	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb		def index
init	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function init()
input	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/bootstrap_check_box_input.rb	  def input
input	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/prepend_password_input.rb	  def input
input	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/inputs/prepend_input.rb	  def input
install	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb		def install
install_application	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def install_application
installing	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/home_controller.rb		def installing
log_tag	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/application_helper.rb		def log_tag(object, opts = {})
log_tags	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/admin/application_helper.rb		def log_tags(objects, opts = {})
login	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/user.rb	  attr_accessor :login
logs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/category.rb	  def self.logs(action = nil, limit = nil)
logs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/blog.rb	  def self.logs(action = nil, limit = nil)
logs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	  def self.logs(action = nil, limit = nil)
logs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/album.rb	  def self.logs(action = nil, limit = nil)
logs	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/media.rb	  def self.logs(action = nil, limit = nil)
new	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/editor_photos_controller.rb		def new
new	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/photos_controller.rb		def new
new	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def new
new	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def new
new	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def new
photos	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/logs_controller.rb		def photos
preloadNext	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.ad-gallery.js	function preloadNext()
prepareSteps	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function prepareSteps()
search	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def search
search	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def search
secure_token	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def secure_token
secure_token	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def secure_token
setError	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function setError(stepnum,iserror)
showMessage	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function showMessage(msg)
showStep	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/assets/javascripts/jquery/jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js	function showStep(stepIdx)
store_dir	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/attachment_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
store_dir	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/uploaders/image_uploader.rb	  def store_dir
test_homepage	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
title	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def title(page_title)
to_jq_upload	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	  def to_jq_upload
up	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091220_edit_categories.rb	  def up
up	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815091409_edit_blogs.rb	  def up
up	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120815100858_acts_as_taggable_on_migration.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/db/migrate/20120726050617_create_settings.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/albums_controller.rb		def update
update	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/blogs_controller.rb		def update
update	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/admin/categories_controller.rb		def update
update_image_attributes	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/photo.rb	  def update_image_attributes
update_image_attributes	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/models/media.rb	  def update_image_attributes
web_installed?	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def web_installed?
yield_for	/home/hanyang/work/RailsBlog/app/helpers/application_helper.rb		def yield_for(content_sym, default)
